CAST-32038 mgmt switch firmware doc (#5011)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/firmware/update_management_network_firmware.md

- Access to the switches.
- Firmware in a location that the switches can reach.

> Aruba firmware can be found in the HFP package provided with the Shasta release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aruba firmware can be found in the HFP package provided with the HPE Cray EX release.
```
